Remove `#![start]` attribute (#478)
rust-lang/nomicon: src/beneath-std.md

a `#![no_std]` executable because on many platforms, we have to provide the
`eh_personality` [lang item], which is unstable.

> You will need to define a symbol for the entry point that is suitable for your target. For example, `main`, `_start`, `WinMain`, or whatever starting point is relevant for your target. Additionally, we use the `#![no_main]` attribute to override the compiler-inserted `main` shim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to define a symbol for the entry point that is suitable for your target. For example, `main`, `_start`, `WinMain`, or whatever starting point is relevant for your target.
Additionally, you need to use the `#![no_main]` attribute to prevent the compiler from attempting to generate an entry point itself.
```
